Are those people really monsters today?
If you beat them to death, will you go to jail?
No, they are a bunch of spiders
Not killing will only harm the world
Brother Shouchang, I'm so scared
One of the spider spirits seems to be still alive
What if he comes to you for revenge?
I'm afraid he won't come
OK
Ah!
Drink some hot water
So you're not afraid.
It's not the way I can stay with you all the time
Just go first
Pretending to look like
Our family
For the sake of your forgiveness from the ancestor of beauty
You can take you in for one night
Going out with my daughters dressed like this
Mom, it's not jewelry that makes us dress like this
Either we like to be called ourselves or
And yesterday we went out
It was also because his sister was taken away by Young Master Qin
You slept too hard yesterday.
You don't hear anything.
It was Brother Shoucheng who rescued my sister.
Yeah, mom.
You don't know how powerful your spider spirit is
Defend the city and knock him down
And broke the leg of the beast
You don't know how angry you are
What? Zhang Shoucheng actually broke a leg of a beast?
Zhang Shoucheng
You are going to cure our Qin family to death
Hmph, he colluded with spider spirits to harm the world
It's not bad for you not to kill him
Oops, it's over, it's over
The Qin family is the richest man in Jiang Province
Offended the Qin family
How can we still establish a foothold in Jiang Province in the future?
Mom, don't worry
I heard that the head of Qin's hometown will celebrate his 60th birthday in two days
Let's write a ceremony and go to the Qin family
Isn't it enough to accompany Qin Shao with a sword?
Birthday banquet of the Qin family
The kind of place you want to go to
Invitation to the Qin Family Birthday Banquet
You can get what you want
Do you want to go to this birthday party?
Please don't worry about you at all.
Qin Yu will only obediently send you bowls and sing the first song
There is no self-knowledge at all
Dare to talk nonsense here
Why did you hurt Mr. Qin?
I also want people to send you invitations
Are you crazy? Get out of here!